†Notice to California Account Holders: This agreement to arbitrate shall not be construed to prevent you from seeking in the arbitration the remedy
of public injunctive relief if (a) you reside in California, 
Initiation of Arbitration: The arbitration shall be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) before a single arbitrator under the
AAA’s Consumer Arbitration Rules, or by a mutually agreeable administrator, before a single arbitrator, as modified by this arbitration provision.
Information about the arbitration process for AAA can be obtained from the AAA at www.adr.org. 
In the event that the AAA or mutually agreeable administrator is unable or unwilling to handle the Claim for any reason, then the matter shall be
arbitrated instead by a neutral arbitrator selected by agreement of the parties (or, if the parties cannot agree, selected by a court in accordance with
the FAA).
Arbitration Procedures and Applicable Law; Offer of Settlement: Unlike a lawsuit in state or federal court, arbitration is conducted by a private
organization that specializes in alternative dispute resolution. Disputes in arbitration are decided by a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury. You
may represent yourself in arbitration, or you may be represented by a lawyer.
$5.00 or 8% Cash Advance Fee (whichever is greater)
D453 Credit One Bank American Express® Card
29.49% Variable APR (WSJ Prime + 21.99%)
$0 Annual Fee
$10.00 or 5% Cash Advance Fee (whichever is greater)
D452 Credit One Bank Platinum Visa®
29.49% Variable APR (WSJ Prime + 21.99%)
$0 Annual Fee
The Arbitrator’s Decision: The arbitrator’s decision will be final and binding on the parties. A party can file a written appeal to the arbitration
administrator within thirty (30) days after an award is issued. 
Fees and Costs: We will pay any costs that are required to be paid by us under the arbitration administrator’s rules of procedure. If you file the
arbitration, you will pay your share of the initial filing fee, unless you seek and qualify for a fee waiver under the applicable rules of the arbitration
administrator. 
How to REJECT this Agreement to Arbitrate: You can reject this agreement to arbitrate but only if we receive from you a written notice of rejection
within 45 days after it was first provided to you. 
$95 Annual Fee
$10.00 or 5% Cash Advance Fee (whichever is greater)
D444 Credit One Bank American Express® Card
29.49% Variable APR (WSJ Prime + 21.99%)
$75 Annual Fee first year, then $99 annually ($8.25 per month)
$5.00 or 8% Cash Advance Fee (whichever is greater)
D443 Credit One Bank Platinum Visa®
29.49% Variable APR (WSJ Prime + 21.99%)
$75 Annual Fee first year, then $99 annually ($8.25 per month)
$5.00 or 8% Cash Advance Fee (whichever is greater)
CARD AGREEMENT
Pricing Summary
Interest Rates and Interest Charges
**Returned Payment Fee: We will charge the maximum safe harbor amount, which is set annually in accordance with 12 C.F.R 1026.52(b)(1)(ii)(D).
If a payment is not honored upon first presentment, even if the payment is later honored, a Returned Payment Fee will be charged to your Account.
Currently, the fee is $29, unless you incurred a Returned Payment Fee in the prior six billing cycles. If you did, the fee is currently $39. This fee will
not exceed the related Minimum Payment that was due.
Additional Rate Information: The Purchase, Balance Transfer and Cash Advance APR equals the Prime Rate plus a margin of 21.99%. This
corresponds to a monthly periodic rate of 2.45750%.
Minimum Payments: You may pay the entire New Balance shown on your billing statement at any time. Each billing period you must pay at least the
Minimum Payment Due by the Payment Due Date shown on your billing statement. The Minimum Payment Due will be the sum of:
The Agreement
This Agreement, together with the Pricing Summary, is your contract with us.
Accepting this Agreement: 
Arbitration: This Agreement includes an Arbitration Provision with class action and jury trial waivers. You can reject the Arbitration Provision. See
“How to REJECT this agreement to arbitrate” in the Arbitration section. If you do not, it will be part of this Agreement.
Promise to Pay: You agree to pay us for all amounts due on your Account, including credit for Purchases, Balance Transfers, and Cash Advances,
as well as interest charges and fees. This includes charges made by Additional Cardholders and other Authorized Users
Earning Wander Rewards: You earn reward points for every dollar you spend for purchases using your Account minus returns, refunds, disputed
charges, and fraudulent transactions (“Net Eligible Purchases”) as follows:
• 10 points on eligible hotel (as defined below) and car rental purchases using the designated travel provider (which may change from time-
to-time) accessed via the link in the Credit One Bank mobile app or your online Account. You will receive 5 points after you complete the
hotel and car rental purchases and an additional 5 points (“Additional Points”) 
We round the Net Eligible Purchase amount to the nearest whole dollar and you must spend at least one dollar in Net Eligible Purchases with your
Account in order to earn points. 
You do not earn reward points on Cash Advances, Balance Transfers, interest and account fees, unauthorized charges, items returned for credit and
other similar charges. Except for Additional Points, points are posted to your Account within seven days after an eligible transaction posts to your
Account. Additional Points are typically posted to your Account within ninety (90) days after the applicable hotel and/or car rental purchases are used.
Merchant Categories: Merchants who accept credit cards are assigned a merchant code, which is determined by the merchant or its processor in
accordance with the applicable credit card network’s procedures based on the kinds of products and services they primarily sell. 
Consumer Goods/Services Disclaimer. BY PARTICIPATING IN THE PROGRAM, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT CREDIT ONE
BANK AND ITS VENDORS ARE ONLY PROVIDING THE PROGRAM TO EARN AND REDEEM POINTS AND NOT PROVIDING CONSUMER
GOODS OR SERVICES. 
Changes: The Program may be changed (added to, modified or deleted) by us at any time, including without limitation amendments to the definition
of Eligible Purchases. 
Termination: We may suspend or terminate the Program or your participation in the Program at any time and will give you prior notice to the extent
required by law. 
Limited Liability: Unless otherwise required by law, this Program, or our Card Agreement with you, we will not be liable to you or anyone making a
claim on your behalf, in connection with: (1) 
Your Billing Rights: Keep this Document for Future Use
This notice tells you about your rights and our responsibilities under the Fair Credit Billing Act.
What To Do If You Find A Mistake On Your Statement
If you think there is an error on your statement, write to us at the Billing Inquiries address on the statement.
Features and Use of Your Account