What are fees?
A monetary amount charged to the card. Credit card fees may include but are not limited to annual fees, card-replacement fees, late-payment fees, foreign transaction fees, balance transfer fees, and cash advance fees.
Trends and Factors Affecting Generational Financial Trauma
The financial experiences people have early on, whether positive or negative, shape their relationships with money for life. They can affect how people handle paycheck deposits, savings accounts, bills, and credit cards well into adulthood. However, these lessons differ between generations, based on the larger economic situation and what their parents learned in their own youth. That’s why we surveyed 1,000 Americans: to get an in-depth look at the financial habits, traumas, and attitudes each generation developed during their formative years.
Key Findings
Here’s what we discovered about each generation's relationship with money: 
The high cost of living is the biggest financial barrier across generations.
Only 19% of baby boomers and 17% of Gen Z feel financially worse off than their parents, compared to 35% of Gen X and 33% of millennials.
Baby boomers (65%) rarely or never discussed finances during their upbringing, whereas 30% of Gen Z frequently did.
Millennials (53%) and Gen Z (50%) discuss investing and retirement more than Gen X (36%) or baby boomers (28%), reflecting younger generations' focus on financial growth.
Young Americans Are Having Open Conversations About Money
Each generation has become increasingly more open about discussing money with their family.
Gen Z’s Parents Taught Them About Personal Finance While Baby Boomers Taught Themselves
Where did Americans learn about personal finance? Only a small number learned about personal finance from school (between 6% and 9% across all generations). A majority got their money management instruction from parents or were self-taught — but not everyone was.
How you can Protect Yourself Against Identity Theft
Identity thieves have kept up with the times, but you can too. Learn various simple, yet effective ways to protect against identity theft.
Introduction
Nowadays, a mistyped URL, careless click or a well-intentioned reply could be the first step in having your personal info stolen.
Many of the same advances in technology that make life easier and connect us better can also be abused by scammers for nefarious means.
But that doesn’t mean you have to swear off technology or go off the grid to stay safe. You just have to know what to look for.
Six Ways to Protect Against Identity Theft
Yes, identity thieves have more advanced methods these days, but with just a little knowledge and some strong preventive practices, you’ll make things even harder for them.
Here are some of the ways you can protect yourself against identity theft.
Stick to trusted sites and secure networks
Use credit cards over other methods
Apply best password practices
Destroy your personal paperwork and old data
Stay alert for scams and phishing
Monitor your identity proactively
What to Do if You Think Your Identity Has Been Stolen
Bottom Line
These days, it can seem like identity thieves have more tools at their disposal than ever before.
What Is Credit Card Purchase Protection?
ntroduction
Purchase protection is one of the benefits of having a credit card that often gets overlooked. You may not even know whether or not your card comes with this perk — but if it does, paying with that credit card becomes much more valuable.
What Is Purchase Protection on a Credit Card?
Credit card purchase protection — sometimes called purchase security, damage protection or retail protection — is like short-term insurance issued by the card network. It gives you an extra layer of security in case an item you’ve purchased with the card is stolen or accidentally damaged.
Coverage is usually only up to the purchase price of the item, with a designated maximum cap, and only if you paid for it entirely with the card that has the protection benefit. It’s also for a limited time, like up to 90 days from the date of purchase.
What Does Purchase Protection Cover?
Each credit card network approaches this benefit slightly differently. And specific coverage details can vary by both the creditor and the specific card.
If your card comes with purchase protection, most purchases are usually covered. But a few categories may be excluded, depending on the card.
How To Use Purchase Protection
Before you can take advantage of purchase protection, you need to make sure your credit card offers it as one of your benefits. If so, it will be listed in your terms and conditions or cardholder benefits supplement.
Bottom Line
Purchase protection is a secondary benefit that takes effect after your primary insurance is exhausted, which is an important point to keep in mind. And it has specific criteria and parameters that need to be met before you’re reimbursed. But it can come in handy if something you recently bought is stolen or damaged through no fault of your own.