FAQs
We've got answers. Check out our top questions below or select a category from the left.
General FAQs - About Us
Who is Credit One Bank?
Credit One Bank is a technology and data-driven financial services company offering a full range of consumer credit card products. As one of the largest credit card banks in the United States, Credit One Bank issues Visa®, Mastercard® and American Express® cards to millions of card members nationwide. We pride ourselves on excellent customer service and on providing an array of credit card products loaded with innovative features. 
Learn even more about Credit One Bank by visiting our About Us page.
About
Credit One Bank
Credit One Bank is a financial services company and one of the fastest-growing credit card issuers in the U.S. Founded in 1984 and headquartered in Las Vegas, Credit One Bank offers a full spectrum of credit card products including cash back and points-based cards as well as high-yield certificate of deposit and savings accounts. Credit One Bank is also an official partner of the Las Vegas Raiders and the Official Credit Card of NASCAR, the Vegas Golden Knights, and Best Friends Animal Society. 
Corporate Partnerships & Sponsorships
Credit One Bank Corporate Partnerships
Get to know our partners including NASCAR, Las Vegas Raiders, and the Vegas Golden Knights.
Community Involvement
Credit One Bank Community Involvement
Learn about the programs and initiatives we've launched in support of philanthropy, community outreach, and sustainability.
Career Opportunities
Credit One Bank Career Opportunities
View available career opportunities and learn about our company culture, benefits, and how Credit One Bank is a premier employer in Las Vegas.
News & Press
Credit One Bank News & Press
See how Credit One Bank is making headlines nationwide and catch up on our most recent press releases.
Company Snapshot
12,000,000+ Card Members & Counting
$10,000,000+ 2021 Charitable Donations
Credit One Bank Corporate Office
Address: 6801 S Cimarron Rd, Las Vegas, NV 89113
How do I contact Credit One Bank?
Visit our Customer Service page for a complete listing of our contact information, including our telephone numbers and mailing addresses.
May I email Credit One Bank with questions about my account?
No. For your security and in order to protect your account information, we advise against sending us unsecure emails.
What is Credit One Bank's payment mailing address?
You can mail payments to: Credit One Bank, Payment Services, P.O. Box 60500, City of Industry, CA 91716-0500.
Account-Related
How do I view Credit One Bank's Card Agreements or request to receive a copy of the specific Card Agreement for my account?
Prior to signing in, click here to download our Card Agreements. If you're a current card member and would like to request a copy of your specific Card Agreement by mail, sign in to your account online and select 'Settings' in the site menu or at the top of most pages. Then, just locate the 'Card Agreement' section to get started.
Can I change my name on my credit card account?
Yes. For instance, a minor name change request can be handled over the phone. Please call Customer Service at 1-877-825-3242. If you are outside the U.S., call 1-702-405-2042. However, all other legal name change requests must be submitted in writing. Please write to us at: Credit One Bank, P.O. Box 98873, Las Vegas, NV 89193-8873.
Can I use a mailing address that is located outside of the United States?
Mailing addresses for Credit One Bank accounts must be located in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, or Guam. Military (APO/FPO) addresses are also allowed. If an address change request includes an address outside of the allowed areas, the account may be closed.
What career opportunities are available at Credit One Bank?
Visit Careers for a current listing of open positions at Credit One Bank, along with information regarding our Corporate Culture and Employee Benefits.
Technical FAQs
Which browsers do you support?
For an optimal and secure experience, please ensure that you are using a current version of Google Chrome, Apple Safari, Mozilla Firefox, or Microsoft Edge. If you are not using a current version of one of these browsers to access CreditOneBank.com, please upgrade by following the links provided on our Supported Operating Systems and Browsers page.
What steps do you take to ensure your website is secure?
We are committed to data security and use 128-bit SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology, the industry standard for data protection, to ensure that all communications between our secure servers and your browser are encoded and protected. Additionally, we follow the guidance of our Federal banking regulators and employ strong authentication controls and recognized security technology standards.
Are there times when your website is unavailable?
Although we strive for continuous up-time, certain functionality may be unavailable from time-to-time due to regularly scheduled system maintenance as we upgrade portions of our website.
What should I do if I'm having trouble using the website?
Ad blockers and outdated browsers can adversely affect the performance of our website. To maintain full functionality while browsing CreditOneBank.com, please ensure JavaScript is enabled and that you are using a current version of Google Chrome, Apple Safari, Mozilla Firefox, or Microsoft Edge. If you are not using a current version of one of these browsers to access our website, please upgrade by following the links provided on our Supported Operating Systems and Browsers page.
Why can't I see some parts of the Credit One Bank website?
Parts of our website may be inaccessible if you have an ad blocker installed. We suggest you turn off any ad blockers to ensure you have full functionality while browsing our site. For assistance with turning off ad blockers, click here. If you need additional help with the website, please call 1-800-797-4299.
Chip & Contactless Card Payments
Contactless Payments
What is a contactless card?
How do I make a contactless payment?
Are contactless payments safe?
Where can I make contactless payments?
Chip Payments
What is a chip card?
How do I make a payment with a chip card?
PIN requirements
What if I am asked to provide a PIN while making a purchase with a chip or contactless card?